In this class we will see how the
treasury state is created, which
if you remember is one of
the main financial statements,
it is the third one we will see.
This is the structure of the treasury
state.
It consists of three different
flows, the one of operations, the other
of investment and the other of financing.
In the previous class we have already
seen that represents each or each
of the three main activities
of a company.
Operations, Investment and Finance.
In this case, the treasury
state helps us to analyze a company
from this perspective, creating
a cash flow for each
of them.
We start with the operations.
The cash flow of operations
is what we do to move from
net profit or the outcome
of the exercise to a cash
flow.
We have to make the adjustments to
convert a magnitude that is
accountable, which does not represent
the reality of treasury movements
into a cash flow.
We will make two types of adjustments.
First, we will add the amortisation.
As you can see, we start with
the net profit and add the amortisations.
Why do we add amortisations?
You should already know.
Amortisations do not mean a
treasury exit.
That is, when we previously
calculated in the results
report the net profit, which
is here, $73,600, we had
deducted the amortisations.
But keep in mind that we have subsidized
the amortisations but those
8,000 euros have not come out
of the box at any time.
So, to turn it into a cash
flow we have to re-
sum them.
As we see here, we have added the
amortisations again.
This is the first of the adjustments.
We have to continue making
adjustments to convert the
profit into a cash flow.
To convert net profit into cash
flow we have to make a second
block of adjustments.
We have already made amortisations.
Well, now we have to make
adjustments corresponding to
variations in current assets
and liabilities.
I will explain it to you.
I return to the essence.
The point is that income is not
the same as collection.
There are incomes that are not charged
and expenses are not the same as payments.
There are expenses that are not paid.
We must make all the
appropriate adjustments.
We have to identify the income
we have not collected and the
expenses we have not paid.
Now, back to the current assets
and passives.
The games that are in this
case are the games that
are in yellow.
The assets and liabilities
of the transactions related
to revenue and expenses.
I will give you an example of each
one so you can understand.
We start with the customers.
What we have is an income.
We have a sales income that goes
to results.
This increases net
profit by $100,
000.
But we did not charge it.
Instead of increasing the treasury
account or bank account.
Increase the customer account.
It is an active account, a current
asset account.
But we did not charge.
So if we want to convert
net profit into cash flow.
We must bear in mind that those
100,000 have not yet entered.
Therefore, they will have to be retained.
The opposite is true of suppliers.
In this case, we will see a cost that
does not involve a payment.
We have a purchase cost.
We bought goods.
for a value of $100,000.
We have calculated
the net profit.
We have not paid the provider.
As you can see, the balance is complete.
Suppliers $100,000
This is a cost that has not
resulted in a cash out.
Then we will have to adjust it.
We will have when we calculate to calculate
the cash flow of the transactions.
We will have to add it.
to correct it.
Finally, we will look at the stocks.
I will explain how it works.
The change in stock at the
end of the year is a positive
result.
We consider it an income.
However, it should be noted that it has not
resulted in an increase in the amount of money.
We must adjust it in the same way.
We have an income that has not increased
the balance of the cash.
This increased the balance of another
asset.
We must therefore retain it.
And here we have, we see again in
the state of treasury.
We see it.
We have to restore the increases
in current assets.
They are made from income that
has not generated an increase in
treasury.
This has led to an increase
in the asset.
Customers or stocks.
We need to increase
the current liabilities.
The account of suppliers has increased.
We have to add it.
We consider it a cost.
This has reduced net
profit.
There was no exit from treasury.
We go to the second of the streams.
The cash flow of investment.
This is very simple.
All we have to do is
add and rest.
All movements corresponding
to investments in fixed
assets.
They usually buy fixed assets.
Imagine a building, a machine.
Invest in software.
In some cases, it is devalued
and produces a treasury
entry.
The third cash flow is
from funding.
In this case, we need
to add and rest.
The movements related to the
two sources of funding.
What are the sources of financing?
The debt or the partners.
Let's start with debt.
We have a few debt tickets.
When we get a loan enters the box,
enters the treasury in the company.
Amortisation is the opposite.
These are payments, the returns.
For the partners, it is a bit
similar.
The contributions of the partners.
Social capital, capital
expansion, etc.
This increases the amount of money
that is available in the company.
It is summed up, of course.
The outputs are dividend payments.
That we decrease in
that amount every year.
We have seen how the treasury
state is created.
There are three types of operations,
investment and financing.
We calculate separately.
Add the three flowers.
It tells us about the cash flow of the period.